Greetings dear reviewer!

For my project, I have decided to create a simple todo-application with 5 severe vulnerabilities from the OWASP top 10 list.
In the project I have used the starter-template with Java Spring, Thymeleft and H2 database.
The vulnerabilities include: Injection, Broken Authentication, Cross-site Scripting, Sensitive Data Exposure, and Broken Access Control.

The project is in GitHub and it can be downloaded from: https://github.com/markokoskinen2037/cybersecuritybase-project

In order to get started:
1. Download the project from github.
2. Open the project in your Java IDE.
3. Start the project.

All application data including (usernames,passwords,creditcard-information,todos) are stored in a local SQL database.
When you start the application, a new database is created and some sample data is inserted. The following username:password combinations are at your disposal (you can also create new ones):
admin:password
ted:ted
homer:simpson

Please complete the examination process from top to botton. Otherwise some of my flaw-reproduction instructions might not work correctly due to changes in the SQL database.

Below I will explain how to reproduce the flaws and how to fix them.

A3 Sensitive Data Exposure
Steps to reproduce:
1. Go to http://localhost:8080/users
2. Notice how there is no direct link to http://localhost:8080/users in the application. However, if an attacker were to find this URL by accident or with an attacking tool (spider) - he would be able to see usernames, passwords and credit card information of every user... not a desirable situation.
How to fix:
1. Remove /users route from the web-application. Because it's insane to provide a route that allows anyone who finds it to obtain a list of sensitive user-data... Maybe it does not matter so much that someone can use their accounts to create some todos, but the users probably use the same username:password combinations on other more important sites. Also, credit card information could be used for fraud.
2. If /users route needs to be available, for example to admins - I would recommend implementing token based authentication so that only admins are able to access /users route.
3. Users creditcard information are stored, but never used, therefore it makes no sense to even ask for them. Remove creditcard-field from registration page.
-----------------------------------------

A2 Broken Authentication
Steps to reproduce
First flaw:
1. Open http://localhost:8080/register
2. Create a new account with any username-password-creditcard combination.
3. Go to http://localhost:8080/users
4. Notice that your username, password and creditcard are indeed in plain text.
Second flaw:
1. Open http://localhost:8080/login
2. Login with admin:password
3. Notice that administrative account's login details are really weak, and therefore easy to crack by bruteforce.
Third flaw:
1. Use Owasp ZAP to bruteforce your way in.
How to fix:
1. Enable a password crypting scheme for passwords and creditcard-numbers, for example BCrypt. Once passwords and creditcard-numbers are encrypted, potential breach will be a lot less harmfull. The attacker will only be able obtain sensitive information in a crypted form - making it almost worthless.
2. Change default administrative password to a more secure one. I would advice, that the administrative password should be around 20 characters long sequence of seeminly random letters - and the password should be changed atleast once per month. Also enabling two-factor authentication would make authentication a lot more secure.
3. Implement server-side functionality, that tracks incoming requests. If unusual amount of requests starts pouring in from a single IP address - stop responding to requests coming from that IP to prevent bruteforce and credential stuffing attacks.
-----------------------------------------

A7 Cross-site Scripting
Steps to reproduce:
1. Click the Logout button (top right corner).
2. Go to http://localhost:8080/login
3. Login with any account. For example: ted:ted
4. Add a new todo with Todo-content: <script>window.location.replace("http://www.example.com")</script>
5. View global list of todos by clicking "Click here"
6. Notive how you are now being redirected to "http://www.example.com"
How to fix:
- The todo-listing page is currently being created to a String, by appending todos to the end of it. This String is then returned straight to the browser to render.
- Instead of creating the list by appending text to a String, iterate over every todo-entity and serve them to a template processing-engine Thymeleaf, that uses th:text as an attribute. By using th:text attribute, Thymeleaf template-engine automatically checks for "shady" input values and acts accordingly. 
- Now todos that contain <script> tags wont be interpreted as elements that should be rendered, but instead they are treated as text.
-----------------------------------------

A5 Broken Access Control
Steps to reproduce:
1. Click the Logout button (top right corner).
2. Go to http://localhost:8080/login
3. Login with ted:ted
4. Notice how there is no link to adminpage.
5. Open your browser's developer console.
6. Input window.sessionStorage.setItem("username", "admin");
7. Refresh the page (press F5).
8. Notice how there is now a link to "Supersecret adminpage", from where you can now access functions that should be unavailable to everyone except user: "admin". (Don't click the "clear sql database" button just yet!)
How to fix:
1. Implement session handling and request validation. This could be achieved with tokens like so:
- User logs in for the first time.
- Server creates a unique token (for example JWT-token) that is saved on server and also sent back to users web-browser - where the token is stored.
- Check the token everytime whenever a user tries to access a restricted URL such as /adminpage.
- If the token is valid, return adminpage.html. Else redirect user back to where he came from.
- Because the token is created on the server by highly sophisticated Sinature Algorithm, it's basically impossible to guess a valid token.
-----------------------------------------

Issue: A1 Injection (SQL)
Steps to reproduce:
1. Open localhost:8080/users
2. Notice, that the are several users in the database. (If you clicked "CLEAR SQL DATABASE" in the previous part, there wont be any users! If that is the case; create a new user and then continue from step 3)
3. Open http://localhost:8080/register
4. Leave name-field empty.
5. Set password-field to: '); DROP TABLE USER; CREATE TABLE User (id int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,cc varchar(200),username varchar(200),password varchar(200)); INSERT INTO User (cc,username,password) VALUES ('911','You have been hacked',' sorry
6. Click "Submit".
7. Open http://localhost:8080/users
8. Notice, that all other users have been deleted.
How to fix:
Sanitize SQL query input parameters by using Prepared Statements. This can easily be implemented in application code by following these steps:
1. Create a String query = "INSERT INTO User (username,password,cc) VALUES(?,?);"
2. Perform some validation on the input params. I would suggest at least checking the length of the input params, and that if they contain <script> elements.
3. Create a PreparedStatement object from the query.
4. Insert input params into the PreparedStatement.
5. Execute the PreparedStatement.
-----------------------------------------
